# NumGame
Team Name: NumGame
Members: 
Christos Greer (cg03@my.yorku.ca, Section A / Lab 1)
Dayeon Lee (day010@my.yorku.ca, Section A / Lab 1)



Project Name: “The Guessing Game”
Summary: 
The server generates a number between 1 and 2  and asks the user to guess which number is generated within a set time. If the user gets it right, then the server adds 1 to their score and they move on to the next level. 

Every level up increases the range of numbers generated by 1 (Ex. Level 2 will generate numbers between 1 and 3) and reduce the amount of time given.

This goes on until the user guesses the number wrong. Their score is displayed, and they are told if they set a new record or not. The record is displayed on-screen while the game is being played and only changes when a new record is set.

Functional Requirements:
 -The user will be shown a menu that (potentially) displays a high-score board, the rules of the game, and an option to start the game.
 -Once the game is started, the user will be taken to a screen showing the level and the range of numbers they will have to guess in
 -The level screen displays (depending on the theme) either how many lives the user has remaining or how much time the user has left to guess the number.
 -A random number generator where the range of numbers is able to change (increasing with the level) will be used to generate a number that the user has to guess

If the user fails to guess the number:
    -They are taken to a "game over" screen
    -The level they made it to is displayed
    -Their score is displayed next to previous scores
    -They are told if they got a new record
    -They are given the option to return to the main menu

If the user guesses the number:
    -They are shown the next level
    -They are shown the new number range
    -(Depending on theme) the time they have to guess increases or they get an extra life


Functional Requirements depending on theme:
 -There is a health system / number of lives that decreases when the user guesses the wrong number
 -Music plays as the game is being played and it will work with the clock to create stress
 -The user's scores from all previous attempts are displayed